dunedin/workshops_description.markdown, before:

# ResBaz 2018 workshop information

The section below provide details of the workshop sessions that will be run during ResBaz 2018.

Note that:
- \* denotes the recommended introductory data analysis stream: this series of workshops will provide beginners with a solid introduction to key programming and reproducible research skills.
- It is highly recommended that you take the Software Capentry (SWC) morning workshops if you are a beginner/novice.
- Most workshops are pitched as an introduction/taster to the particular topic, although some will require specific prior knowledge (e.g., learning about writing functions and packages in R requires some previous experience with the R language).

# Morning Sessions

## Day 1

### \* SWC  - R

An introduction to the R programming language

- Intended level: introductory/novice
- Language: R

### Making R packages

This workshop and will extend on making functions in R and go through how to transform from a function into a documented and installable R package

- Intended level: intermediate
    - having taken SWC R (or experience with R) before would be beneficial
- Language: R


## Day 2

### *SWC - BASH  (Command Line)
An introduction to the use of the command line using BASH.

- Intended level: beginner/novice
- Language: BASH

### Intermediate/Advanced use of the Tidyverse

This workshop is intended to cover the tidyverse packages more in depth with a focus on programmatic analysis and database usage.

- Intended level: intermediate 
    - Comfortable with SWC R and some experience with the tidyverse packages would be beneficial
- Language: R


## Day 3


### *SWC - Version Control with Git

An introductory workshop for version control of text and code using Git (and Github)

- Intended level: beginner/novice

### Reproducible Research

This workshop will cover markdown and R variants (Rmarkdown, Bookdown, and Blogdown), and version control work flows for the purposes of customised reproducible reports. 

- Intended level: novice/intermediate 
    - prior experience with Git and R would be beneficial


# Afternoon Mini Workshops:

### * Data manipulation and plotting in R (intro to tidyverse)

This mini workshop will follow the data manipulation and plotting lessons from the data carpentry ecology workshop. It will introduce the dplyr package for data manipulation in R and ggplot2 for creation of plots. It is intended to provide introductory data exploration and visualisation skills

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - intro level of R would be beneficial
- Language: R


### Shiny Apps in R

This mini workshop is designed to provide a hands on lesson for the creation of interactive shiny apps in R for data exploration.

- Intended level: intermediate
- Language: R


### Web scraping

This workshop is intended to convey the basics of scraping information from the web.  For emxaple, obtaining data from tables on websites, and cleaning it into a usable format.

- Intended level: intermediate
- Language: most likely R


### Introduction to National eScience Infrastructure (NeSI)

This workshop is designed to introduce you to the available national compute resources, obtaining access, and submission of jobs.

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - SWC BASH (command line) would be beneficial
      
### Introduction to Python

An introductory workshop to understand the basics of the python language for programming

- Intended level: beginner/novice
- Language: Python (3)


### Making BASH (Command Line) Friendly

This workshop will cover customising your command line environment such as making programs available on your computer, aesthetic changes to your prompt, keeping track of previous commands. In general setting up your command line environment to make work easier.

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - intro to bash beneficial

### Introduction to Regular Expressions

This mini workshop is designed to introduce the syntax and creation of regular expressions (generalisable search terms) for searching text. Content will be based on this lesson https://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/04-regular-expressions/

- Intended level: beginner/novice
    - intro to bash beneficial

### *Report making in Markdown

An introduction to using markdown syntax for reproducible report making. This will also cover an introduction to Rmarkdown for the generation of reproducible compiled reports and analysis in R.

- Intended level: beginner/novice
    - experience with R would be beneficial

Commit message:

Added advanced shell and project management to the afternoon options.

dunedin/workshops_description.markdown, after:

# ResBaz 2018 workshop information

The section below provide details of the workshop sessions that will be run during ResBaz 2018.

Note that:
- A "\*" denotes the recommended introductory data analysis stream: this series of workshops will provide beginners with a solid introduction to key programming and reproducible research skills.
- It is highly recommended that you take the Software Capentry (SWC) morning workshops if you are a beginner/novice.
- Most workshops are pitched as an introduction/taster to the particular topic, although some will require specific prior knowledge (e.g., learning about writing functions and packages in R requires some previous experience with the R language).

# Morning Sessions

## Day 1

### \* SWC  - R

An introduction to the R programming language

- Intended level: introductory/novice
- Language: R

### Making R packages

This workshop and will extend on making functions in R and go through how to transform from a function into a documented and installable R package

- Intended level: intermediate
    - having taken SWC R (or experience with R) before would be beneficial
- Language: R


## Day 2

### *SWC - BASH  (Command Line)
An introduction to the use of the command line using BASH.

- Intended level: beginner/novice
- Language: BASH

### Intermediate/Advanced use of the Tidyverse

This workshop is intended to cover the tidyverse packages more in depth with a focus on programmatic analysis and database usage.

- Intended level: intermediate 
    - Comfortable with SWC R and some experience with the tidyverse packages would be beneficial
- Language: R


## Day 3


### *SWC - Version Control with Git

An introductory workshop for version control of text and code using Git (and Github)

- Intended level: beginner/novice

### Reproducible Research

This workshop will cover markdown and R variants (Rmarkdown, Bookdown, and Blogdown), and version control work flows for the purposes of customised reproducible reports. 

- Intended level: novice/intermediate 
    - prior experience with Git and R would be beneficial


# Afternoon Mini Workshops:

### * Data manipulation and plotting in R (intro to tidyverse)

This mini workshop will follow the data manipulation and plotting lessons from the data carpentry ecology workshop. It will introduce the dplyr package for data manipulation in R and ggplot2 for creation of plots. It is intended to provide introductory data exploration and visualisation skills

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - intro level of R would be beneficial
- Language: R


### Shiny Apps in R

This mini workshop is designed to provide a hands on lesson for the creation of interactive shiny apps in R for data exploration.

- Intended level: intermediate
- Language: R


### Web scraping

This workshop is intended to convey the basics of scraping information from the web.  For emxaple, obtaining data from tables on websites, and cleaning it into a usable format.

- Intended level: intermediate
- Language: most likely R


### Introduction to National eScience Infrastructure (NeSI)

This workshop is designed to introduce you to the available national compute resources, obtaining access, and submission of jobs.

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - SWC BASH (command line) would be beneficial
      
### Introduction to Python

An introductory workshop to understand the basics of the python language for programming

- Intended level: beginner/novice
- Language: Python (3)


### Making BASH (Command Line) Friendly

This workshop will cover customising your command line environment such as making programs available on your computer, aesthetic changes to your prompt, keeping track of previous commands. In general setting up your command line environment to make work easier.

- Intended level: beginner/novice 
    - intro to bash beneficial

### Introduction to Regular Expressions

This mini workshop is designed to introduce the syntax and creation of regular expressions (generalisable search terms) for searching text. Content will be based on this lesson https://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/04-regular-expressions/

- Intended level: beginner/novice
    - intro to bash beneficial

### *Report making in Markdown

An introduction to using markdown syntax for reproducible report making. This will also cover an introduction to Rmarkdown for the generation of reproducible compiled reports and analysis in R.

- Intended level: beginner/novice
    - experience with R would be beneficial

### Advanced Shell

This will present some more advanced Shell techniques and "power tips" that will greatly enhance your everyday use of the Shell.

- Intended level: intermediate
    - intro to bash beneficial
    
### Research Project Management

This will cover techniques and tools for effectively managing research proijects, and their associated data (and metadata).  While "project management" is often associated with large scale initiatives, smaller research projects (e.g., MSc and PhD theses!) can benefit hugely from access to the right tools, and knowledge of best practice.

- Intended level: beginner/novice
