auckland/about.md, before:

# About

The Research Bazaar is a worldwide festival promoting the digital literacy emerging at the center of modern research. Throughout 2018, events will be held at a number of university campuses around the globe.

Hosted by the University of Auckland, the 2018 Auckland Research Bazaar is a (free-of-charge) 3-day intensive conference where researchers come together to up-skill in ‘next generation digital research tools and skills’.  In the spirit of a marketplace or bazaar, ResBaz is a highly participatory event where researchers from many different disciplines can learn, share knowledge and skills, and have fun!<br><br> Who should attend? Researchers at ALL levels from ALL disciplines. PhD and research Masters students are especially encouraged to apply. Research technologists who support researchers to do their job should also come along!<br><br>We are still working on the programme to bring you a broad range of digital research skills topics - stay tuned or express your interest below.

Commit message:

Added to about.md about the different format of ResBaz on offer this year. Corrected software carpenrty dates to 12 and 13 July.

auckland/about.md, after:

# About

The Research Bazaar is a worldwide festival promoting the digital literacy emerging at the center of modern research. Throughout 2018, events will be held at a number of university campuses around the globe.

Hosted by the University of Auckland, the 2018 Auckland Research Bazaar is a (free-of-charge) 3-day intensive conference where researchers come together to up-skill in ‘next generation digital research tools and skills’.  In the spirit of a marketplace or bazaar, ResBaz is a highly participatory event where researchers from many different disciplines can learn, share knowledge and skills, and have fun!<br><br> Who should attend? Researchers at ALL levels from ALL disciplines. PhD and research Masters students are especially encouraged to apply. Research technologists who support researchers to do their job should also come along! Sessions at ResBaz this year are intended to offer a brief practical introduction to a broad selection of topics and tools related to digital research practice relevant across the disciplines. ResBaz2018 will be followed by software carpentry workshops on 12 and 13 July<br><br>We are now accepting applications to attend ResBaz2018. Please croll down to "Express your interest now" and apply!
